Deep copy in Version::marshalData() corrupts in-memory Document object (#7706)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/23_Installation_and_Upgrade/09_Upgrade_Notes/README.md

# Upgrade Notes

## 6.9.0

> - `PageSnippet::$elements` property visibility will change from `protected` to `private` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PageSnippet::$elements` property visibility changed from `protected` to `private` 
- `PageSnippet::$inheritedElements` property visibility changed from `protected` to `private` 
```

Author: @jdreesen merci!
